Add custom query for prefetching (#288)
martenframework/marten: docs/docs/models-and-databases/reference/query-set.md

query_set.prefetch(:author__favorite_tags)
```

> In some situations it might be necessary to use a custom query set for the prefetched records. This is possible by providing a `query_set` argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some situations, it might be necessary to use a custom query set for the prefetched records. This is possible by using a variant of the `#prefetch` method in which a single relation name and the associated query set (`query_set` argument) are provided:
```

```crystal

> # Query all lists and order the list items by its position

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Query all lists and order the list items by position
```
